---
title: My First Blog Post
author: Andy Pohl
layout: post
tags: fun, gripe, swag
---

Did you hear about the happy roman? he was \"glad he ate her.\" i\'m neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you\'ll find the young ladies stimulating company. i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string.

He hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. you got the wrong guy, ace! did you hear about the happy roman? he was \"glad he ate her.\" you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! did you hear about the happy roman? he was \"glad he ate her.\" you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big.

What do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. you got the wrong guy, ace! i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? you got the wrong guy, ace! i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. you got the wrong guy, ace! you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes.

He hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. did you hear about the happy roman? he was \"glad he ate her.\" i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big.

Tags: {{page.tags}}